docs: move database model to mermaid (#3839)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/adapters/fauna.md

  terms: [{ field: ["data", "identifier"] }, { field: ["data", "token"] }],
})
```

> > This schema is adapted for use in FaunaDB and based upon our master [schema](/adapters/models)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This schema is adapted for use in Fauna and based upon our main [schema](/adapters/models)
```
